# Youtube_Trending_Analysis
In the ever-evolving, ever-changing world of digital technologies, the need for digital solutions has increased manifolds. It seemed inconceivable fifteen years ago that social media would be so essential to companies that whole professions would concentrate around community building and on-platform ad management. The sector is currently growing with the rise of social platforms, thus the chances for professional advancement are exceptional.
Today social media rather than just a hobby has evolved into a full-fledged career option for many individuals. One social media platform which has boomed in the previous decade is YouTube and has become the choice of many as a career option. YouTube's simplicity is one of the many reasons why it has grown in popularity over the years. YouTube makes it extremely simple for them (known as content creators) to share their work with a huge audience. As a result, there's a lot of stuff to select from. So, whether it's hours of unboxing videos or infinite beauty instructions, product reviews, gaming channels, or gaming channels, YouTube has it all. There are bound to be a handful that pique your attention among the millions of YouTube channels available. Let's just say there's something for everyone on YouTube.
Thus, the need for a business solution for such a vast platform like YouTube with tons of millions of digital contents such as videos, shorts, etc has increased manifold in the current scenario. So, this project will help YouTubers analyse their channel data to help them determine the best time to upload videos, gain subscribers, etc. YouSolns will also help them increase their efficiency, which will help them gain a better insight into their channel in terms of views, subscriber count, and monetary aspect. YouSolns will provide better business solutions by considering all these aspects and also predicting the future or upcoming trends and will be a one-stop solution for all the YouTubers in the forthcoming time. We chose this project based on perceived data availability, timeline, team member skills, interests, etc. The analytics and the consulting parts will align perfectly with the skills learned in our B.E/B.Tech. and MBA degrees. As the number of YouTube channels and its users continue to grow, it offers good potential financially. Especially in India, as internet accessibility increases, more and more content creators are on the rise, which would require consultation services. The project can also be leveraged in the future to cover the marketing aspect of the channel to YouTube users and sponsors.\
